c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Test.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Test.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\NSpec.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\NSpec.dll.config
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\obj\Debug\Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\obj\Debug\Test.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\obj\Debug\Test.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\PostSharp.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\PostSharp.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Test.pssym
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\obj\Debug\Test.dll.postsharp
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\SoftwareEngineeringBST.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\SoftwareEngineeringBST.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SoftwareEngineeringBST\Test\bin\Debug\SoftwareEngineeringBST.exe.config
